Add Change of Format of Address Claims to Migration Docs (#3049)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/deploy/migrate/what-has-changed.md

```"groups": ["Internal/everyone","dev"]```
Hence, any client application that consumes the UserInfo response should be updated to parse this new format of the response properly.

#### Address Claims

> The representation of the following claims in the UserInfo response has been changed. 

Reviewer: Add quotes -> ```UserInfo```

- country 
- locality 
- region 
- postal_code

> These claims will be listed as sub-claims inside a JSON object under the address claim in the ID token. In earlier versions of the Identity Server, these claims were received separately in the UserInfo response as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These claims will be listed as sub-claims within a JSON object under the address claim in the ID token. In earlier versions of the Identity Server, these claims were listed separately in the UserInfo response as shown below.
```
